---
layout: post
title: "Frosted Flakes vs Frosted Fakes"
description: Two-way ANOVA (Analysis of Variance)
image: "/assets/img/IMG_2060.JPG"
--- 

### Introduction

### Research Questions
1) Is there a difference in tastiness scores between brand name Frosted Flakes (Kellogs) and off brand Frosted Flakes (Malt-O-Meal)?

2) Is there a difference in tastiness scores between different types of milk? (2%, almond, soy)

### Two-way ANOVA
A two-way ANOVA is a method used to compare averages between groups when you are looking at two factors that could affect the outcome. In this experiment, we want to see how **cereal type** (brand name vs off-brand) and **milk type** (2%, almond, soy) impact the tastiness score of the cereal. A two-way ANOVA helps us answer these questions:

1) Does cereal type impact tastiness scores?

2) Does milk type impact tastiness scores?

3) Does a combination of cereal type and milk type impact tastiness scores?

**Cereal Type:**

- Null Hypothesis: The mean tastiness scores are the same for name-brand and off-brand cereal.

- H<sub>0</sub>: &mu;<sub>name-brand</sub> = &mu;<sub>off-brand</sub>

- Alternate Hypothesis: The mean tastiness scores are different for name-brand and off-brand cereal.

- H<sub>A</sub>: &mu;<sub>off-brand</sub> &ne; &mu;<sub>name-brand</sub>

**Milk Type:**

- Null Hypothesis: The mean tastiness scores are the same for all milk types (2%, almond, soy).

- H<sub>0</sub>: &mu;<sub>2%</sub> = &mu;<sub>almond</sub> = &mu;<sub>soy</sub>

- Alternate Hypothesis: At least one milk type has a different mean tastiness score.

- H<sub>A</sub>: &mu;<sub>2%</sub> &ne; &mu;<sub>almond</sub> &ne; &mu;<sub>soy</sub>

### Assumptions

### Dataset

### R Code

### Results

### Conclusion