---
layout: post
title: "Movie API"
description: IDK yet
image: "/assets/img/IMG_2060.JPG"
--- 

### Introduction

### Research Question
Which genres are most popular on average?

### How to Gather Data using an API
These steps will go over how to gather and clean data from [The Movie Database (TMDb) API.](https://developer.themoviedb.org/docs/getting-started)

**1. Register for an API Key:**
Create or sign into your TMDb account [here.](https://www.themoviedb.org/signup) Register for an API key by following the directions on the "Getting Started" webpage found [here.](https://developer.themoviedb.org/docs/getting-started) Make sure to fill out all the required information honestly. You can find your API key by navigating to Settings/API. I stored my API key in a .gitignore file and extracted the key when needed in my code.

**2. Set Up API Access:**
Read your API key from the .gitignore file to authenticate the requests.

**3. Fetch and Store Data Locally:**
Loop through multiple pages from the API by sending requests for each page, filtering by selected criteria. I filtered the results by only including movies that were in English using the "discover/movie" endpoint. Convert the data into a pandas DataFrame and save it as a CSV file to use later.

**4. Clean the Data:**
Read in the messy dataset and filter for relevant columns such as title, popularity, genre_ids, etc. Convert the genre IDs into genre names by making a separate API request using the "genre/movie/list" endpoint and mapping each ID to their corresponding name. If a movie has multiple genres, save the first genre as the primary genre. Drop any unnecessary columns such as genre_ids and genre_names and save the cleaned data into a new CSV file.

### EDA

### Link to code in separate GitHub Repo

### Conclusion